15. Debra Kincy
Imagine giving an interview to reporters,
having just taken the life of your next-door
neighbor.
That’s what 63-year-old Debra Kincy did
after taking the life of her 64-year-old friend,
Charlotte Nicholas.
Kincy called 911 and claimed she’d found
her friend passed away. But it was later discovered
that she’d taken her life with a screwdriver
and took all of Nicholas’ jewelry to sell
it off. She’d been to a nearby pawn shop
the same day of the event, wearing red-stained
clothes.
In the TV interview, Kincy appears completely
distraught. But text messages between the
pair tell another story.
Charlotte’s fiancé also confirmed that
Nicholas had been having problems with her
neighbor.
Kincy was taken into custody and charged for
her actions
She’ll have a hard time launching her acting
career from behind bars.
14. Edward Wayne Edwards
Once appearing on not one, but two TV shows,
Edward Wayne Edwards’ infamy came not from
his TV appearances, but from making the F
B I’s Ten Most Wanted list.
Edwards appeared on To Tell the Truth in 1972
and What's My Line?
It was before this To Tell the Truth appearance
that Edwards was being sought by the F B I.
They caught him. He was taken into custody
in Georgia in 1962. He’d been wanted for
escaping from custody in 1955 and holding
up gas stations for the cash. For some strange
reason, he was paroled only five years after
his capture in ’67, after which he went
on to take five separate lives.
Sometimes, there’s no justice in the justice
system.
13. Grant Robicheaux
This man is not a great look at the stars
of the TV show Online Dating Rituals of the
American Male.
The show’s goal was to give women an inside
look about the way men think in the dating
game - especially online. The episode that
aired in 2014 starring Grant William Robicheaux
stated that the doctor was looking for love.
On paper, Robicheaux was perfect. A doctor,
who once won the title of Orange County’s
“most eligible bachelor,” also sought
perfection in someone. He said on the show:
“With online dating, if a girl’s not perfect
to start with - boom…you’ve got to be
out. I’m not looking for a party girl; I’m
looking for a wife to raise a family with.”
But, as it would turn out, Robicheaux was
far from perfect. In fact he was a predator.
And he wasn’t looking for a wife so much
as he was looking for prey.
The 38-year-old wolf in sheep’s clothing,
along with his 31-year-old girlfriend, Cerissa
Laura Riley, stand accused of doing horrible
things to unconscious women that they’d
regularly pick up at bars. After searching
Robicheaux’s phone, police detectives believe
they did this “hundreds” of times.
These are some seriously sickening “online
dating rituals”. The pair may face up to
life in prison.
12. Chris Watts
Another actor who was later discovered to
be the a very scary person was the recent
family annihilator, Chris Watts.
Watts appeared in an interview with a local
news station when his wife and two young daughters
went missing.
In the interview, he claims Shanann Watts
returned from a business trip at around 2
AM and, when he left the house around 5:15
in the morning, she was still at home. But
when her friend came by the house around noon,
she and her daughters had disappeared.
He appears not so much rattled about their
disappearance as nervous. He gives an unusually
flat performance. At times, he smiles and
laughs, crosses his arms. To put it simply,
he appears disingenuous.
And as it would turn out, there was reason
for his off-putting performance. Not long
after, he confessed to having taken the lives
of his pregnant wife and their two daughters,
3-year-old Celeste and 4-year-old Bella. He
led the police to their bodies.
Chris later claimed that he only took Shannan's
life in a rage after seeing her take the life
of one of their daughters, while the other
lay lifeless, when he told her he wanted a
divorce. But he failed a lie detector test
on that one.
On November 6th, 2018, Chris Watts pled guilty
to his actions, for which he received five
consecutive life sentences.
To many, this was not severe enough.
11.
A lifeless person is wrapped in a blue tarp
was recently found in Camp Town, Pennsylvania,
and a local news reporter is digging for details.
She arranges for an interview with someone
named Matthew Haverly, a man who happens to
live across from the creek where the person
was found. He acts completely surprised about
the situation and disavows any knowledge of
what could have transpired.
Hours later, police discover that the person
was, in fact, none other than Matthew’s
mother, which makes this last comment a terrible
coincidence. If Matthew was aware beforehand
that it was his mother floating in the creek,
he gives absolutely no indication at the time.
He ends the short interview by saying how
the person was probably dumped in the creek
out of town by hitmen.
Police investigators don’t buy this explanation
one bit. They raid his property and in his
shed they find the same blue tarp that his
mother’s body was wrapped in. As of this
date, he has been charged with a capital offense
but not yet convicted.
If he is found guilty, then this means, out
of sheer coincidence, the reporter had unknowingly
scheduled an interview with the very same
man who had taken his mother’s life not
too long ago. She may very well have been
standing just a few feet away from a calm
and collected psycho without realizing it.
10. Jonathan Schmitz
In 1995, The Jenny Jones Show featured two
men; one, Jonathan Schmitz, oblivious to what
was about to go down - and the other, Scott
Amedure, a man who had a crush on Schmitz.
When Amedure’s crush was unveiled, Schmitz
seemingly took it in stride, saying he was
“completely hetero” Although likely a
disappointment to Scott, the incident should
have ended there. But it didn’t.
Only three days later, and Schmitz would come
face to face with Amedure again, this time
to take his life. Amedure had left a note
on his door and, in a rage, Schmitz took his
life, telling police it was because of the
humiliation he’d experienced on The Jenny
Jones Show.
The case’s prosecutor, Richard Thompson,
highlighted the upset the show had caused
Schmitz, saying: “What you are seeing on
the tape is a 24-year-old man facing the studio
audience and the camera with what I consider
to be an ambush…It’s like a Roman circus
where the audience gives a thumbs up or thumbs
down to everything that is going on.”
The producers of Jenny Jones were found liable
and were forced to pay Amedure’s family
$25 million.
Schmitz was, of course, found guilty and sentenced
to 25 to 50 years behind bars in 1999 after
a mistrial.
9. Brian Hawkins
Imagine living 25 years with the darkest sin
never letting up on your conscience: taking
someone’s life.
That’s what happened to Brian Hawkins, who
was involved in taking the life of 19-year-old
Frankie McAlister, in 1993. The senseless
event ended up in the infinite pile of cold
cases that haunt those family members who
live on. The case likely would have remained
unsolved had it not been for Hawkins’ live
on-air confession.
Hawkins couldn’t take the guilt anymore,
so he entered a local TV station, KRCR, and
told reporters what he’d done.
Hawkins said he would turn himself into the
police next door after his confession. But
before he did, he explained that there was
two accomplices - siblings, Curtis and Shanna
Culver. He said that life had been “absolute
horror” and “a nightmare” since the
event.
Following the interview, he did as he said
he would: turned himself in to police investigators
at Shasta County Sheriff’s office. He was
charged for his actions, along with the Culver
siblings.
The interview was held from airing until after
Hawkins had turned himself in. He told police
that he’d also contacted McAlister’s family
to seek redemption, but the father had passed
away by the time he got up the courage to
go visit.
8. Sefer Calinak
There are some game show contestants who are
psychos posing as normal people…and then
there are those who confess to doing horrible
things like it’s no big deal.
That’s what happened on this Turkish dating
show, Luck of the Draw, when 62-year-old Sefer
Calinak appeared as a contestant, describing
himself as, “an honest person looking for
a new wife.” Later on in the show, however,
he suprised the audience and the TV host by
confessing to not one, but taking two lives.
Well, he said he was honest.
He had taken the lives of his first wife and
his lover.
The motives? Calinak said he took the life
of his wife because of her irritating behavior,
and he took his lover’s life, because he
believed she was a gold digger. He’d been
married to his first wife, Fadime, at 17 and
became jealous of her alleged interest in
another man. He served only 4.5 years of his
13-year sentence.
Calinak said he’d served time for taking
his lover’s life too but had been let go
early under an amnesty program.
Although the lack of justice in this one is
insane, one thing is clear: the female guest
on this episode of Luck of the Draw had no
luck at all.
7. Bryan Romero Leiva
A show entitled The Value of Truth was sure
to get someone in trouble. When the reality
confession show premiered in Peru, the truth
would get its contestant, Ruth Sanchez, lifeless.
19-year-old Sanchez appeared on The Value
of Truth alongside her parents and her boyfriend,
Bryan Romero Leiva. The show involved intrusion
into the personal lives of contestants in
front of a live audience, as well as friends
and family. The questions were at first not
so difficult to answer, but they became more
and more humiliating as the prize money increased.
On the show, Sanchez confessed that she’d
accepted money for services twice at the nightclub
she worked at. Admittedly a surprising confession
to make to your parents and your partner,
it certainly wasn’t worthy of losing your
life.
But that’s how Romero dealt with his ex-girlfriend.
Soon after her appearance on the reality show,
Sanchez disappeared. After being questioned
by police, Romero led them to her body, which
he’d hid in a well. She’d been lifeless
for sometime.
One of Sanchez’s friends told police that
Sanchez hadn’t even been dating Romero when
he appeared on the show with her - she paid
him for his time.
However, police believe Romero was after the
money Sanchez had won, which was 15,000 soles
($5700) - nearly 10 times the average monthly
salary in Peru.
6. Rodney Alcala
Before Rodney Alcala was convicted of doing
horrible things and taking lives in the 70s,
he was a game show contestant on the ABC favorite,
The Dating Game.
Alcala appeared on the game show in 1978,
where he was introduced by host of the show,
Jim Lange, as a “successful photographer.”
Although his competition on the show, actor
Jed Mills, said that Alcala was strange and
with “bizarre opinions,” that didn’t
stop the man from beating out Mills and winning
a date with Cheryl Bradshaw. Bradshaw, however,
later refused to accept the date, as she found
Alcala “creepy.”
In reality, many were lured to Alcala’s
apartment under the guise that he was a professional
fashion photographer wanting to build his
portfolio. Some of these subjects ended up
getting their lives taken in his apartment.
Before he was accepted on the gameshow, he
had taken five lives, two in New York and
three in California. After the show, he committed
two more. And these are only the events he
was convicted of…there could have been many,
many more.
5. Ralf Panitz
The Jerry Springer Show was known for wild
and dramatic antics. The headline for this
episode read, “Eleanor says her husband's
ex-wife, Nancy, won't take no for an answer.
Nancy has [shaken] them so severely that they
had to go into hiding. Today, Nancy will learn
that her ex-husband is actually married to
Eleanor!"
Nancy Campbell-Panitz appeared on the show
at the request of her ex-husband, Ralf. The
former couple had had a rocky relationship,
and Nancy believed that he was coming back
to her for good this time.
But the surprise must have torn into her when
she was labelled a jealous jilted stalker
and shamed by the audience. Ralf and Eleanor
then announced their marriage.
When Springer told Nancy that Ralf didn’t
want to be with her, she replied that this
was fine and left the stage. The next time
she would appear on TV would be as a news
headline.
Nancy was found passed away on her kitchen
floor in Sarasota mere hours after the episode
screened. The prime suspects: Ralf and Eleanor.
Eleanor was not charged, but Panitz was. He
pleaded innocent.
Unfortunately, the evidence suggested otherwise.
His DNA was found under Nancy’s fingernail.
He was convicted in 2002 and sentenced to
life behind bars.
4. Stephen Port
So many “master chef” and cooking shows,
I suppose it was only a matter of time before
one of those chefs would be accused of spiking
their food.
40-year-old Stephen Port appeared on the show
Celebrity Masterchef. He was filmed helping
EastEnders star, Emma Barton, make meatballs,
wearing chef’s clothes, a blonde toupee,
and smiling for the camera.
Unbeknownst to everyone on the show, Port
had a habit of taking lives. In 2016, he was
charged with taking the lives of four men
over the course of fifteen months. Port had
met these men on the dating app, Grindr.
In one of the cases, it appears as though
Port tried to frame one of the people whose
life he has taken for taking the life of another.
In 21-year-old, Whitworth’s hand, a note
had been placed that read, “I can’t go
on anymore, I took the life of my friend Gabriel.”.
Port had taken Gabriel’s life before Whitworth’s.
Framing someone for taking a life? You’ll
see later on in this list that that’s not
unusual.
3. Louis William “Bill” Conradt, Jr
A show like Dateline’s To Catch a Predator
was bound to catch, well, predators. But one
surprise catch was Louis William "Bill" Conradt
Jr., Texas’ former assistant district attorney.
Posing as 13-year-old Luke, the team was chatting
with the assistant district attorney, who
was also posing as someone much younger: a
19-year-old university student. After the
team and Dateline got Conradt on the phone
with an actor, Conradt suddenly stopped responding
to calls and messages, and content began disappearing
from Conradt’s fake MySpace page. It was
time for police to step in.
A search warrant was sought, a SWAT team was
called in, and a tactical entry was performed.
Conradt was found in a hallway, where he said,
“I’m not going to hurt anyone,” before
taking his own life.
Dateline found itself in hot water after the
incident. Afterwards, raw footage contradicted
statements made by Dateline, in which they’d
denied collusion with law enforcement.
Do you think To Catch a Predator was in the
wrong?
2. Ryan Jenkins
Jasmine Fiore was a model whose body was found
stuffed into a suitcase on August 15, 2009.
The only suspect? Former reality TV contestant
and Fiore’s husband, 32-year-old Ryan Alexander
Jenkins. After making a run for it, he was
found a little over a week later, passed away
in his hotel room in Hope, British Columbia,
Canada.
What went down?
Jenkins had just finished filming Megan Wants
a Millionaire. He met Fiore at a Las Vegas
casino and two days after they met, they married
at The Little White Wedding Chapel.
But it was an unhappy marriage. Jenkins reported
Fiore missing, probably thinking he’d get
away with his actions. But his suspicious
activity thereafter - i.e. fleeing to Canada
- revealed that he may not be as innocent
as he claimed. Although he did manage to elude
authorities who were on the lookout for him
at the Canada–US border, he later took his
life at the hotel.
Before we get to number 1, my name is Chills
and I hope you’re enjoying my narration.
If you’re curious about what I look like
in real life, then go to my instagram, @dylan_is_chillin_yt
and tap that follow button to find out. It's
a proven fact that generosity makes you a
happier person, so if you're generous enough
to hit that subscribe button and the bell
beside it then thank you. This way you'll
be notified of the new video we upload every
Tuesday.
1. John Cooper
When retired chief superintendent, Steve Wilkins,
tracked down an old gameshow episode of Bullseye,
he knew he had the final piece of the puzzle:
John Cooper was the man he’d been looking
for all along.
The man had been a suspect of four passing
since the ‘90s - those of Richard and Helen
Thomas and Peter and Gwenda Dixon.
The footage, which was tracked down by Wilkins
and ITV presenter Jonathan Hill, resulted
in the man’s conviction.
The episode from 1989 was discovered in a
library in Leeds in 2009. The episode was
filmed just one month before the Dixons were
found passed away on a coastal path while
on holiday.
And only four years earlier, in 1985, millionaire
farmer, Richard, and his sister, Helen, were
found passed away at their manor.
When Steve Wilkins watched the clip, he was
amazed. In his own words:
“It was Cooper, bold as brass, smiling and
joking on national television having almost
certainly [taken two lives].”
In the video clip, Cooper also expressed knowledge
about the area where the Dixons were found
when being interviewed by the gameshow host.
And when Cooper lost the game, forget it.
Wilkins said: “He looked to the camera with
a stare that said it all.”
A very scary disturbing man accidentally shown
on live tv.